# Assignment-1
This consists the solutions for the five questions fo Assignment 1. 
1. Write a program to calculate the cost of a roadtrip. Ask the user how many kilometers will be travelled, then ask what is the average distance that the vehicle runs with 1 liter of gas. The program should output the estimated cost of the trip, considering the price of gas as $1.16 CAD per liter. Format real numbers to print only 2 digits after the decimal point.
2. Write a program that prompts the user for the price of a productin CAD, and outputs the values of sales tax in Quebec (TPS + TVQ), tips of 15%, and the total amount that should be paid. Be creative and provide an elegant output. Format real numbers to print only 2 digits after the decimal point. 3. Write a program that prompts the user for a whole number (an integer) of 3 digits and outputs the sum of the digits of the input.
4. Write a program that prompts the user for a URL. It should first remove any leading or trailing whitespace from the string. It should then output “Verifying an URL with X characters...”, replacing X by the size of the URL; and the string “Is this a valid and secure URL? true.” if the URL starts with “https://” or “Is this a valid and secure URL? false.” otherwise.
5. Write a program that generates a random number between 0 and 100, and performs mathematical operations with it. The output should print the random number and the result of 5 operations with it: powers of 2 and 3, square root, natural logarithm and base 10 logarithm.

